doc: config_and_build: reorganize additions in NCS (#13404)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

nRF Desktop build types
=======================

The nRF Desktop application does not use a single :file:`prj.conf` file.
Before you start testing the application, you can select one of the build types supported by the application, depending on your development kit and the building method.

> Not every board supports both mentioned build types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every board supports all of the mentioned build types.
```
There are actually multiple build types mentioned

   * - Release
     - :file:`prj_release.conf`
     - All from `Requirements`_
     - Release version of the application with no debugging features.
   * - Debug Fast Pair
     - :file:`prj_fast_pair.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``, ``nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application with `Fast Pair`_ support.
   * - Release Fast Pair
     - :file:`prj_release_fast_pair.conf`
     - ``nrf52kbd_nrf52832``, ``nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840``
     - Release version of the application with `Fast Pair`_ support.
   * - Dongle
     - :file:`prj_dongle.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application that lets you generate the application with the dongle role.
   * - Keyboard
     - :file:`prj_keyboard.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application that lets you generate the application with the keyboard role.
   * - MCUboot QSPI
     - :file:`prj_mcuboot_qspi.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application that uses MCUboot with the secondary slot in the external QSPI FLASH.
   * - MCUboot SMP
     - :file:`prj_mcuboot_smp.conf`

>      - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``

Reviewer: Also supported by `nrf52840gmouse_nrf52840`

Reviewer: Should we also mention `prj_3bleconn.conf`, `prj_4llpmconn.conf`, `prj_release_4llpmconn.conf` etc. ? (see the `sample.yaml` file of nRF Desktop application for a complete list that is up to date)

Reviewer: Maintaining list in both places introduces quite serious risk of misalignment here. Could we let user refer to the `sample.yaml` file or generate the list automatically relying on `sample.yaml` file content ?

Author: Yes, I think the risk is considerable. What would be the standard "must-have" (or rather, "must-know") build types that we must mention here?

Reviewer: Maybe `prj.conf` and `prj_release.conf` (as the most basic ones. I would also suggest to link to the `sample.yaml` content if user wants to know about other build types.

   * - Keyboard
     - :file:`prj_keyboard.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application that lets you generate the application with the keyboard role.
   * - MCUboot QSPI
     - :file:`prj_mcuboot_qspi.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application that uses MCUboot with the secondary slot in the external QSPI FLASH.
   * - MCUboot SMP
     - :file:`prj_mcuboot_smp.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - | Debug version of the application that enables MCUmgr with DFU support and offers support for the MCUboot DFU procedure over SMP.
       | See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_bootloader_background_dfu` section for more information.
   * - WWCB
     - :file:`prj_wwcb.conf`
     - ``nrf52840dk_nrf52840``
     - Debug version of the application with the support for the B0 bootloader enabled for `Works With ChromeBook (WWCB)`_.

.. note::
    `Selecting a build type`_ is optional.

>     The ``debug`` build type is used by default in nRF Desktop if no build type is explicitly selected.

Reviewer: Maybe it's still worth mentioning? (`debug` build type uses `prj.conf` file)

Author: Right. Re-added in the build type section.
